{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f2\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f2\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 24 Feb 93 22:14:19 -0500\

\f2\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric Thayer <eht@moo.SPEECH.CS.CMU.EDU>\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@bmt.gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  It's the real thing...\

\f2\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  eht+@CMU.EDU\
\

\pard\tx1340\tx2680\tx4020\tx5360\tx6720\tx8060\tx9400\tx10740\tx12080\tx13440\f3\fs28\fc0\cf0 Here it is:\
<Coke_icon.tiff>\
Our coke machine in the School of Computer Science is on the Internet and this is the icon for the NeXT display front end.\
\
...eric\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f2\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Sun, 13 Jun 1993 15:50:06 -0400\

\f2\b From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Reed <treed@nobugs.bmt.gun.com>\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Coke can...\

\f2\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  treed@gun.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 I asked Kevin from BMD for the large TIFF of the Coke can that they were using at Expo.  Here it is in various states of distress.  \
\
Coke.tiff is a straight resize + sharp small + dedither small.  The latter two operations probably just cancel each other out but the image looked better than without:\
\
CokeSketch - same image as above fed thru the small sketch filter.  The white in this should all be alpha - left as an exercise:\
\
CokeMinimum - fed the original through the Minimum tiling filter.  Gives this particular image a nice radioactive effect:\
\
CokeEmboss - Both Image and tiffany have an emboss filter but Image didn't work with this small image well.  Tiffany seems to use only grayscale when embossing; Image uses color , which results in a less pleasing image - at least at 48x48:\
\
That's enough Warhol for today.\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f2\b\fc0\cf0 From:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Mark_Tacchi@NeXT.COM (Mark Tacchi)\

\f2\b Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 4 Mar 94 13:07:26 -0800\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Cool Colas\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f2\fc0\cf0 I pulled the original image off alt.binaries quite a while back.  I shrunk it, and made an opendir.tiff for it.  Enjoy!\

}
