{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f2\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f2\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 From:
\f1\b0  tlc@cx5.com\

\f2\b Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 26 Feb 93 16:56:01 PST\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@bmt.gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  More gifts from CX5\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f2\fc0\cf0 \
Maybe these will give your workspace more 
\i attitude
\i0 :\
\
To Tim (or whoever): Wow! Impressive show acting on our submission of Feb16!  Will we ever stop to be amazed at the power of NeXTstep? Hey! Let's get NeXTstep in all military-industrial complexes!\
\
\
Ciao ow ow,\
Thierry Castro\
tlc@cx5.com\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Mon, 1 Mar 93 09:52:53 MST\

\f2\b From:
\f1\b0  kelley@kiwi.ATMOS.ColoState.Edu (Kelley Wittmeyer)\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@bmt.gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  colored ren and stimpy\

\f2\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  kelley@kiwi.ATMOS.ColoState.Edu\
\

\fc0\cf0 here are colored versions of the ren and stimpy that\
thierry sent out.\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f2\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\fc0\cf0 kelley wittmeyer\
dept of atmospheric science\
colorado state university
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f2\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc0\cf0 \
Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Mon, 21 Feb 94 16:34:05 -0500\

\f2\b From:
\f1\b0  Howard Ship <hship@sinistar.cac.stratus.com>\

\f2\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f2\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Improved directory icons: Max Headroom, Ren, Stimpy, Mushrooms\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\f2\fc0\cf0 \
<RenAlpha>\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 I took the existing colorized image of Ren and changed it to 12-bit color / alpha.  I changed the background from white to transparent.  For the open icon, I played around, bugging out the eyes, dropping the jaw and sticking out the tongue.  Works for me.\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <StimpyAlpha>\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 Same thing ... this time I used the color icon (with the bloodshot eyes, open hand and tongue) and worked backwards.  I tried to reconstruct, in color, the mono Stimpy already in the archive.  Again, 12-bit color / alpha.\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

}
