{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f4\fnil Times-Roman;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 13 Jul 93 3:26:15 CDT\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric's NeXT Fortune <fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  NeXT-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  FFITs of ...\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\b\fs32\fc0\cf0 Here are Some tiffs.
\b0\fs24   
\fs18 And why Not?\
\

\fs24 \
Below are views of a slice (parasagittal) through a bird's brain.  I'm not sure anyone cares, but I'll briefly explain what is in these icons.  The white is where there are many axons, the black indicates the edges of the brain and the ventricle, and the greys indicate various cell groups.  This is a view of the back of the bird's brain, the brain extends further to the\
right.  
\i Believe it or not, the shape and overall appearance of these is very similar to the real thing 
\i0\fs18 (What you see in a Neuroanatomy class - simply FASCINATING...
\fs16 not ! 
\fs18 )
\i\fs24 .
\i0   The .dir.tiff is the "brightfield" view and the .opendir.tiff is a "darkfield" view.\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 25 Jan 1994 21:23:05 +0100\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Christian_Paulus <chris@yoda.fdn.org>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Just a crow\
\

\fc0\cf0 The crow exist, je l'ai rencontr› :\

\f0 \

\f1 Just an icon I did for the fun.\
\

\gray666\fc1\cf1 --\

\gray0 Christian Paulus       
\b FDN
\b0  
\gray666 [
\gray0  French Data Network 
\gray666 ]
\gray0   fax.: (1)47975873\
Paris - France         
\gray333 Association regie par loi 1901
\gray0 \

\gray333 chris@fdn.org
\gray0  
\gray666 ________
\gray0  NextMails accepted 
\gray666 ___________
\gray333 ( info@fdn.org )
\gray0 \
\

\f0\b\fc0\cf0 From:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Bill Shirley <bill_shirley@wiltel.com>\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 11 Mar 94 22:33:41 -0600\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Escher Bird Tiles\
\

\b\fc0\cf0  Well, in an attempt to make amends for my previous act of plagiarism, I took an old professor's advice.\
\
 "Stealing from one source is Plagiarism; stealing from many sources is research."\
 \
 So, I've been doing some research.\
\
This is Escher's and I stole it from Gardner.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<EscherBirds.tiff>\

\b\fc0\cf0 but it didn't make too good (discernible) of an icon.  So, here is the larger version (I have much larger, if you're interested) that you can use as a tile.  If you copy and paste many, many of them they will tile when correctly offset.  I didn't play with the edges to make it perfect, but it's pretty good.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<EscherBirdsTile.tiff>\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 I am quite interested in tiling patterns and may get some more.  I'd particularly like to get some that need to be rotated as well as translated, or even some non-periodic tiles.\
\
Wanting to have some Icons from these I ripped 'em apart.  Erased the white bird to get only the black bird.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<
\fc0\cf0 EscherBirdBlack.tiff
\fc1\cf1 >\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 Then I said, "Hey, doesn't WetPaint have all kinds of funky PS operators?"  As no one else was around, I had to answer myself, "Yes, I believe you're correct."  Soo,... I set it for "Dout" and pasted the black bird over the original and wala, the white bird remained.\
\
Ya gotta love that technology.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \

\fc0\cf0 <EscherBirdWhite.tiff>\

\b \
Then I said to myself, become quite psychotic, "Go home, you fool!"\
\
 later,\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\fc0\cf0 Posted-Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Mon, 11 Apr 94 09:22:26 -0500\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Mon, 11 Apr 94 09:22:26 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric D. Engstrom <eric%basilisk@src.honeywell.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  repost of EscherBirds.tiff and query\
\

\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\f4\fc0\cf0 \
Here's a repost of the EscherBirds.tiff icon with the excess (IMHO)\
non-alpha'ed white pixels on the outside removed:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\f1\b\fc0\cf0 <EscherBirds.tiff>\

}
