{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw11780
\paperh9580
\margl120
\margr120
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-1160\li1140\fc0\cf0 From: 
\b0 Timothy Reed <treed@friday.bmt.gun.com>\

\b Date: 
\b0 Wed, 27 Jul 94 01:11:44 -0400\

\b To: 
\b0 next-icon@gun.com\

\b Subject: 
\b0 LightbulbFolder, another Skull, IconMaker mini-recommendation...\

\b Reply-To: 
\b0 treed@gun.com\

\fi0\li0 \
Hi,\
I use the LightbulbFolder icons for my Developer folder.  I put these together with the new beta version of IconMaker.  While the app is pretty targetted towards 
\i just
\i0  making icons, it's extremely easy to use, and the tools that it comes with (including a very easy gradiant tool) are really really fast.  There's a previewer that is always on the screen that shows your image in icon size, which is really neat.  IconMaker is what IconBuilder should have been, and more.  T2 has far more sophisticated and powerful tools, but IconMaker looks like the perfect companion product for when you want to bang a quality image out very quickly.\
\
From what I can see so far, if you do this kind of thing for fun or money, give the beta version of IconMaker a drive around the block.  The developer has been very open to suggestions, and has implemented them quickly.  There's very little of the goofiness that one would expect out of beta (or production!) applications - actually seems like a stable product!\
\
I'm not sure if the IconMaker tools can be extended, but given the pretty complete range of tools that come with it, I doubt that more than one or two people would want to code in add't functionality.  Is that really a popular feature of NEXTSTEP image processing apps?\
\
NEXTSTEP features the most skull icons of any user environment, bar none, and here's the proof:  two more skull icons.  Made with IconMaker from an image from the movie Baron Munchhausen (sp?):\

}
