{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f1\fmodern Courier;\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f3\fnil Times-Roman;}
\paperw11780
\paperh9580
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-1160\li1140\fc0\cf0 Date: 
\b0 Sun, 24 Apr 1994 23:41:43 -0700\

\b From: 
\b0 "Robert W. Kieffer" <kieffer@gemstone.com>\

\b To: 
\b0 next-icon@gun.com\

\b Subject: 
\b0 Escher Objects\

\b Reply-To: 
\b0 kieffer@gemstone.com\

\fi0\li0 \

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 Here's a couple of exercises in gradation.  All the cartoons that have been getting posted were making me a little slap-happy... I needed something a little more analytical.  :-)\
\
'Seems like the most appropriate use for these would be as a .dir/.opendir pair for a Projects directory!  :-)\
\
You'll have to forgive the proportions.  I wasn't too concerned with the exact geometry.\
\
If anyone cares, these are freely entered into the public domain.\
\
---\
Robert Kieffer - kieffer@gemstone.com - NeXTMail welcome\
Gemstone Systems, Inc.\
19616 Redbeam Ave.\
Torrance, CA   90503\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc0\cf0 From:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Bill Shirley <bill_shirley@wiltel.com>\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 11 Mar 94 22:33:41 -0600\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Escher Bird Tiles\
\

\b\fc0\cf0  Well, in an attempt to make amends for my previous act of plagiarism, I took an old professor's advice.\
\
 "Stealing from one source is Plagiarism; stealing from many sources is research."\
 \
 So, I've been doing some research.\
\
This is Escher's and I stole it from Gardner.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<EscherBirds.tiff>\

\b\fc0\cf0 but it didn't make too good (discernible) of an icon.  So, here is the larger version (I have much larger, if you're interested) that you can use as a tile.  If you copy and paste many, many of them they will tile when correctly offset.  I didn't play with the edges to make it perfect, but it's pretty good.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<EscherBirdsTile.tiff>\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 I am quite interested in tiling patterns and may get some more.  I'd particularly like to get some that need to be rotated as well as translated, or even some non-periodic tiles.\
\
Wanting to have some Icons from these I ripped 'em apart.  Erased the white bird to get only the black bird.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \
<
\fc0\cf0 EscherBirdBlack.tiff
\fc1\cf1 >\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 Then I said, "Hey, doesn't WetPaint have all kinds of funky PS operators?"  As no one else was around, I had to answer myself, "Yes, I believe you're correct."  Soo,... I set it for "Dout" and pasted the black bird over the original and wala, the white bird remained.\
\
Ya gotta love that technology.\

\b0\fc1\cf1 \

\fc0\cf0 <EscherBirdWhite.tiff>\

\b \
Then I said to myself, become quite psychotic, "Go home, you fool!"\
\
 later,\
\

\f0 Posted-Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Mon, 11 Apr 94 09:22:26 -0500\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Mon, 11 Apr 94 09:22:26 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric D. Engstrom <eric%basilisk@src.honeywell.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  repost of EscherBirds.tiff and query\
\

\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\f3\fc0\cf0 \
Here's a repost of the EscherBirds.tiff icon with the excess (IMHO)\
non-alpha'ed white pixels on the outside removed:\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\fc0\cf0 <EscherBirds.tiff>\

}
