{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f2\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw13920
\paperh6540
\margl120
\margr120
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i\ulnone\fs40\fc0\cf0 ImagePortfolio
\i0\fs36 \

\b0\fs24 written by Martin D. Flynn
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\b\fc0\cf0 Technical Documentation: The Application Classes\

\b0 The source header files for each of the following classes contain more detailed information.  All of the souce modules have been converted to use the "-ObjC++" (Objective-C++) compiler option.  This allows for mixing Objective-C and c++ code in the same source module.  Only one c++ class (ParseString) currently exists.\
\

\b Note: 
\b0 This source code must be compiled with 
\b NEXTSTEP 3.1
\b0 , or later.\

\b \

\b0 ImagePortfolio\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This is the main Application subclass object.  It handles the application initialization, main menu functions, and window registration to allow files dragged from the Workspace Manager to be dropped into registered windows.\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 Portfolio\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This class handles the delegate methods for a portfolio window.  It also handles passing a list of image files to the Workspace Manager via the View instance method '
\f1 dragFile:fromRect:slideBack:event:
\f0 ' so that the user can drag these files to another application which accepts files.\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 PalletMatrix\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This is a subclass of the Matrix class which controls the selection, cutting, pasting, deleting, resizing, and sorting of the image cells that is contains.  This class is the first responder for the portfolio window.\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 PalletCell\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This is a subclass of ActionCell which holds information on a single image, including the file path to the image and how it is to be displayed in the matrix.\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 ExpandImage\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This object is used by instances of the Portfolio class to composite a large, unscaled, image into a window of its own.  \
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 ExpandedView\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This is a View subclass used by ExpandImage to display NXImages.  \
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 imageReps.subproj\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This subproject contains special NXCustomImageRep objects (such as GifImageRep) for viewing other image file formats.\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 apputils.subproj\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This subproject contains special utilities for changing the app dock icon, manipulating files, etc.\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 thread.subproj\

\pard\tx660\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\fc0\cf0 This subproject contains utilities used for multithreaded support.   See 'objectThreadPerform.m' for more information.\

}
