{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue99;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 10 Aug 1993 14:05:02 -0600\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  "Robert T. Thomas" <todd@avocado.cuc.ab.ca>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  NeXT-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Misc. Icons for Directories\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 \
Where is everyone's creative icons?  \
This list seems to be having a dry spell. Since there is not much going on, I thought I would\
mail some icons I made when I first got my Color Station. \
I was planning to make all my .dir.tiffs I could into common street signs.\
\
You could have the playground (messing around dir), school (for edu stuff), \
construction (work dir), etc.\
\
Here are the ones I have done so far:\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 15 Dec 93 12:27:12 +0100\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Prof. Dr. Klaus Pommerening <nobugs!anke.imsd.uni-mainz.DE!pom>\

\f0\b  To:
\f1\b0  NeXT-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  3 german traffic signs\

\f0\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 ... in 2 bit grey. The triangles should be red. Maybe someone with a color station could correct this.\
Klaus Pommerening\
Institut fuer Medizinische Statistik und Dokumentation\
der Johannes-Gutenberg-Universitaet\
D-55101 Mainz, Germany\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\b\fc1\cf1 From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Bissell <nobugs!gb.swissbank.com!bisselt>\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 15 Dec 93 13:37:21 GMT\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Coloured German Traffic Signs\
\

\pard\tx440\tx880\tx1320\tx1760\tx2220\tx2660\tx3100\tx3540\tx4000\tx4440\f0\fs20\fc0\cf0 \

\i\fs24 ( Sorry about the blank post )
\i0 \
\
Here as requested, some coloured versions of the traffic signs; 2bit and 12bit in one file courtesy of IconBuilder.\

\fc1\cf1 Share And Enjoy!\

\fs20\fc0\cf0 \

\fs24\fc1\cf1 TIM\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc0\cf0 Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Sat, 8 Jan 94 23:42:00 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Reed <nobugs!friday!treed>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Deer sign...\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  treed@gun.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 Highway imagery that didn't work out.  Scanned from my copy of the Visual Enclopedia - early rejects when we were working on an application icon for our UUCP setup software Connect It!  I think that I did this with PowerScan and reduced it with Appsoft Image.\

\pard\tx440\tx880\tx1320\tx1760\tx2220\tx2660\tx3100\tx3540\tx4000\tx4440\f0\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc0\cf0 Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Tue, 12 Apr 94 16:38:31 -0700\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  <allan%finback@wolfe.wimsey.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  RE: IconBuider `Alpha Pattern'\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  allan@ali.bc.ca\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 The beta version of WetPaint I am using right now also has this moving Alpha-Pattern feature.  It is invoked by holding down the ESC key.   I don't know if the earlier version supported this, but I have found it to be invaluable on numerous occasions.\
\
I won't repeat 
\fc1\cf1 David Hamilton
\fc0\cf0 's keyboard and Grab.app finger-gymnastics since WetPaint's pattern looks pretty much identical to the one he's shown everyone.  However, since this is the next-icon mailing list I'll throw an icon in:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 Someone mailed out a Temporary Parking sign a while ago which I have been using for my temporary directory TIFF.  The icon above is an anti-aliased version that is less jaggy than its progenitor.\
\

\pard\tx620\tx1240\tx1860\tx2480\tx3100\tx3720\tx4340\tx4980\tx5600\tx6220\fs28\gray43\fc2\cf2 ______________________________________________________________________
\gray0\fc0\cf0 \

\gray43\fc2\cf2 Allan Noordvyk
\gray0\fc0\cf0 , 
\i Software Artisan 		e-mail: 
\gray43\fc2\cf2 allan@ali.bc.ca
\gray0\fc0\cf0 \

\i0\fs24 ALI Technologies 		    				Voice: 
\fc1\cf1 (604) 279-5422
\fc0\cf0   \
Richmond, Canada						Fax: 
\fc1\cf1  (604) 279-5468
}
