{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f2\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 13 Jul 93 20:09:16 CDT\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric's NeXT Fortune <fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  NeXT-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Cc:
\f1\b0  fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Art is Everywhere - (except perhaps on Windows 3.1...)\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 \
Enscribed on the archway above the entrance to the Fine Arts Cinema is the\
statement "Only Art Endures."  Well, I hope that some of this staying power rubs\
off on our lovely NeXTSTEP machines as we proudly display these artsy fartsy\
tiffs.  Enjoy!  ENDURE!  \

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \
Rothko canvases are simple to iconize.  Color might be a bit more \
entertaining.    Several people told me how to have some Alpha channel action, \

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 so here's a second, perhaps more entertaining tiff.
\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \
Grapes are a common item in art pictures throughout time.  \
Ben Spide arachnid investigator.  The invention of Richard Polt,\
this gumshoe has solved some of the biggest art and architectural crimes ever to cross\
the pages of a comic book.  \
\
- eric fortune\
fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu\
NeXTMail OK\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  	Sat, 17 Jul 1993 00:40:02 -0400\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Scott Anguish <sanguish@digifix.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Re: Art-icons-Too\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  sanguish@digifix.com\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\f2\fc1\cf1 Well...\
\
	Eric's Rothko canvas is timely... the cash strapped Canadian government just paid $1.8 Million for Rothko's Red #16...  To bad we passed up the last publicly available Van Gogh 10 years ago for a mere $5 Million (now estimated at $100 Million)...
\fs20 \

}
