{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw11760
\paperh7800
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc0\cf0 Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Tue, 14 Dec 93 14:50:51 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Glenn Brown <nobugs!ctr.columbia.edu!gbrown>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  improved next-icon sound filter\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  nobugs!ctr.columbia.edu!gbrown\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\f3\fs20\fc0\cf0 Recently, I posted some handy scripts that play sounds if mail from any source other than the next-icon list is received.  I'd been using those scripts for months, but posting them made me realize that they could be better, so here's an updated version of\
\
 /usr/home/gbrown/.notify.glenn->
{{\NeXTGraphic482 62131_.notify.glenn \width960 \height960
}
¬}\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\f3\b0\i0\ulnone\fs20\fc0\cf0  This version can easily modified using Edit to filter out other mail sources as well.  It includes comments.  It fixes a (harmless) bug that plays sounds if next-icon mail was sent to the mailing list using the 'CC:' line.\
 \
The scripts require simple modifications to work for you.  Basically, you have to put .forward and .notify.glenn in your home directory and put ifonconsole in /usr/local/bin. Also, you must change my pathname and username in .forward and .notify.glenn to your pathname and username.\
\
The ifonconsole script has the following syntax:\
	ifonconsole username oncommand notoncommand	\
oncommand is executed if username is logged into the console.  Otherwise, notoncommand is run.  Put single quotes around the oncommand if the oncommand has spaces in it.\
\
The scripts have the added advantage that they work independently of Mail.app, so the sounds play even if Mail is not running.  Also, they consequently get around the bug in Mail.app that sometimes prevents sounds from being played.\
\
--Glenn
}
