{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f1\fswiss Helvetica;\f0\fmodern Courier;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f0\b0  Thu, 22 Oct 1992 01:08:02 -0400\

\f1\b From:
\f0\b0  Timothy Reed <treed@nobugs.bmt.gun.com>\

\f1\b To:
\f0\b0  next-icon@nobugs.bmt.gun.com\

\f1\b Subject:
\f0\b0  Mondo 2000 baby icon...\

\f1\b Cc:
\f0\b0  aki_ohno@nobugs.bmt.gun.com, dpeter@hsd.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 Hi,\
\
Clearly I need a more demanding day job.  Here are two icons for your favorite hapless folder.  This icon contains both 2-bit and 24-bit icons (well, 
\i should
\i0  contain - all this tiffutil'ing leaves a lot of room for error).  \
\
I scanned the original image at 120 DPI using PowerScan from HSD.  PowerScan is a 
\i much
\i0  better scanner tool than Scan-X.  Less waiting for the scanner to init, some threading of scanner hardware interaction, and much easier to use.  Highly recommended if you already own an HSD scanner.\
\
I reduced the image to icon size using a custom application written by a friend of mine that does the dithering correctly during bitmap reduction operations.  Transpose in Papersight (I'm not sure whether those guys are still in business).  You could get the same effect using Scene to reduce the image and Grab's Marquee tool.\
\
Personally I am pretty impressed at myself for doing the color shading just with Icon.  I first Funneled the light pink, then Airbrushed in a darker pink in the Detail window, and Airbrushed light pink on top of the darker pink, also in the Detail window.  I finished up with some Airbrushed near white for the modeling of the forehead and cheek.  I used a sover'ed Airbrush, with a very tight radius, since icons are so small to begin with.\
\
Just squeezing a little more life out of 2.1 while I can.\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f1\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\fc0\cf0 BTW - this is from an issue of 
\i Mondo 2000
\i0 , a neo-new-age cyber-yup magazine from San Francisco.  Mondo features great mostly-Amiga driven artwork and uneven interviews with generally good people (last issue had a good one with Brian Eno, if you're into that stuff).  The artwork itself is worth the price of the magazine, IMHO.  If you're already initiated, check out the funny take-off of Mondo 2000 (called 
\i Mondo Mondo
\i0 ) in the latest issue of 
\i boing boing
\i0  at your favorite newstand.\
\
Enjoy,\
Tim\

\i ªWritten documentation is an admission of etc. etc.º\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f1\i0\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f0\b0  Thu, 22 Oct 1992 01:37:53 -0400\

\f1\b From:
\f0\b0  Timothy Reed <treed@nobugs.bmt.gun.com>\

\f1\b To:
\f0\b0  next-icon@nobugs.bmt.gun.com\

\f1\b Subject:
\f0\b0  Re: Mondo 2000 baby icon...\

\f1\b Cc:
\f0\b0  aki_ohno@nobugs.bmt.gun.com, dpeter@hsd.com\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 Correction to my last post to next-icon@bmt.gun.com.  What I 
\i meant
\i0  to say is:\

\b0 \
¼\
I reduced the image to icon size using a custom application written by a friend of mine that does the dithering correctly during bitmap reduction operations.  Transpose in Papersight (I'm not sure whether those guys are still in business) 
\b does the same thing but better, with smarter dithering routines that result in a more legible reduced image
\b0 .  You could get the same effect using Scene to reduce the image and Grab's Marquee tool.\
¼\

}
