{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 24 Nov 1992 01:06:34 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Reed <treed@bmt.gun.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@bmt.gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  The brain of one Patricia Churchland immortalized in couple of TIFFs\
\

\fc0\cf0 Hi,\
This list has been awfully quiet lately.  Too quiet.  The enclosed .dir.tiff's are from last Sunday's NY Times Magazine.  Brain.dir.tiff is a slice of human brain taken by magnetic resonance, and Brain.opendir.tiff is a PET scan that isolates specific brain activity.  Both belong to a volunteer named Patricia Churchland - credit where credit's due.\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 Sorry about the size of these - my resizing software was not doing what I wanted it to do, but it resizes correctly in the File Viewer anyway.  One thing that's pretty key to getting .dir.tiffs to size right is to make absolutely sure that the height and width are the same.  I also worked hard enough on locating the images in the same place so that dropping files on them looked OK.  No mono support in these, but judging from the mono display on my cube, these color images look OK in B+W - especially the .dir.tiff.  Wasn't ambitious enough to do the grayscale images.  Gomenasai.\
\
Enjoy,\
Timothy Reed\
treed@gun.com\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 8 Oct 93 10:53:32 PDT\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  Michael_Pizolato@afs.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Brains\

\f0\b Cc:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 \
\
There has been a 
\fc1\cf1 tremendous demand for brains on the NET these days ...\

\fc0\cf0 So I thought that I would but one of my spares out there for you to use...\
I am holding on to my best brain because the compress command did not \
work  well on my neural passages....please do not suggest a blender...\
\

}
