{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw11780
\paperh9580
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Sun, 24 Apr 94 16:55:47 -0400\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Reed <nobugs!friday!treed>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Generic Document icon...\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  treed@gun.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 Hi,\
It figures that the floodgates would open on this mailing list as soon as I posted the latest archives.  Better late than never.\
\
I needed to create a generic document icon just like one of those copier machine icons with the folded corner:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <GenericDocument.tiff>\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 This is alpha'ed outside the image, with a small shadow on the bottom and right, and a little dithering on the diagonal line at the fold.\
\
This is a version of the above, without the shading/dithering and with alpha in the fold itself.  You'll see why in a second:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <GenericDocumentAlphaFold.tiff>\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 When someone posted a couple of images today, it occurred to me that it should be easy for novices to customize the document icon with images that are relevant to their needs like this:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <FlowerDocument.tiff>\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 (I'm not sure what need this particular image fills - mission critical flower shop application? -:)\
\
I thought that this looked pretty cool, and it only took 30 seconds.  Here's how:\

\pard\tx400\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fi-400\li400\fc0\cf0 ·	First, you need a paint program that supports most of the different compositing operators - the relevant one here is 'Sin'.  I used Tiffany 2, though WetPaint and Icon both should do it too (but not IconBuilder).\
·	Copy the image you want to paste in and the above GenericDocumentAlphaFold.tiff with your paint program.\
·	Copy the image to paste into the pasteboard by selecting the entire image with Select All, followed by the Copy command.\
·	Set the compositing method to 'In'.  Most programs set this to either 'Copy' or 'Over'.  Setting this to 'In' will cause the pasted image to appear only where there's non-Alpha paint.  That's why I alpha'ed out the fold, since we want the fold part to remain white.\
·	Paste the image onto the generic document icon window with the Paste command.\
·	Fill in the fold with white paint.  Set the compositing method to 'Copy' or 'Over,' set the color to white in the color panel, select a paint-bucket tool, and click in the fold.  The alpha parts of the fold should fill in with white paint.\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \
You may need to do a little cleanup of the document's black border, and you can fill in a single dark grey line for shadow around the bottom and right sides of the document (for depth and NEXTSTEP-compatible light sourcing).  \
\
If I left white paint in the fold before pasting the image in, I'd have to go in by hand and white out the parts of the fold that I wanted to appear white.  Cleaning up the black border is a lot faster, since using a straight-line tool is easier than a pencil tool.\
\
Tim\

}
