{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Sun, 31 Jan 93 17:38:39 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Robb Aley Allan <helical!rallan@uunet.UU.NET>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Braindead NeXT folder icons\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 Like it says.\
\
---\
Robb Aley Allan, The Gulfstream Group\
220 Sunrise Avenue, Palm Beach, FL 33480\
voice: 407/ 832-4013   email: rallan@gun.com\
Co-founder/director, Gotham Users of NeXT (GUN)\
北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北北\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Fri, 12 Nov 93 13:32:26 -0600\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  mmanning@il.us.swissbank.com (Michael Manning)\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  merlin_mathesius@il.us.swissbank.com, jeff_huber@il.us.swissbank.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Someone screwed up. But will forget about it.... this time.\

\f0\b Cc:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\
\

\pard\tx1040\tx2100\tx3160\tx4220\tx5280\tx6320\tx7380\tx8440\tx9500\tx10560\f3\fs22\fc0\cf0 Memo:\
I noticed that the light source for the local LocalAppsMAB directory was above and to the right. The "real" light source on the NeXT is in the upper left hand corner.(get with it, man!) I have fixed this blaring oversight below. I wish that who ever was responsible would more careful in the future! I bet things like this are critical to the organization. Mistakes like this can cost billions or something. Have a nice day.\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1040\tx2100\tx3160\tx4220\tx5280\tx6320\tx7380\tx8440\tx9500\tx10560\f3\fs22\fc0\cf0 Anally your's\
\
-Michael\
\
B.T.W. I have cc:ed this to the icon mailing list in the hopes that some public humiliation will shame who ever was responsible for this into shape. (I'm sure they're all having a big laugh at your expense. HA!)
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 16 Nov 93 21:41:28 -0600\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  bshirley@gleap.sccsi.com (C. William Shirley)\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@nobugs.bmt.gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  nextstep?  (No Caps here!)\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  bshirley@gleap.sccsi.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 \
Anyone who watches cable (The Discovery Channel) may recognize these.\
\
They belong to a TV show that shares the name of our hallowed OS.\
(in their logo there is NO capitalization)\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\f0\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\fc0\cf0 \
mostly 1-bit with a few random 2-bit grays.\
\
(Done with IconBuilder - is this only a developer app?  do non-developer NS people exist?  do they want a quick-n-dirty (free to cheap) pixmap editor like IconBuilder?  With documented extensibility?)\
\
A Note to Thierry.  WetPaint 
\i is
\i0  an image manipulation program.  I use it for complex shading, scaling down images (something it calls antialiasing), and detailed text manipulation (into bitmapped images).\
\
There are many apps related to images, and the functionalities sometime blur together.  It may be hard to draw a line in the sand.  Draw?\
\

}
