{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 From:
\f1\b0  tlc@cx5.com\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 16 Feb 93 23:48:37 PST\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@bmt.gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Letter Bombs?\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 \
Tim,\
\
Here's some for you to place on any NeXTs in the world trade center, or for any Chicagoans on the list, how about on those "infamous" stock/commodity trading NeXTs (Phibro?)\
Stay tuned for more mayhem from those late-night workers at CX5, the same ones that have no respect for virtual reality.\
dhm/tlc\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc0\cf0 From:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  t0581dh@network.cfc.com (David Hamilton)\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 30 Mar 94 18:53:20 -0500\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  What A Blast\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 Here's a string of mix & match icons (with serving suggestions) \
that have been rolling around my shelf and threatening to detonate\
if not posted.  Now seems the appropriate opportunity ...\
\
               bomb1.tiff             bomb2.tiff              bomblast.tiff\
                 ( .dir  )            ( .dir or .open  )           ( .open  )\
\
 ... as well as an eggs-cuse to post the "Riddle Results".\
\
I started writing this and it was getting real long in the tooth (not that\
it isn't still).  What it all boils down to is this - it was a BLAST - great fun\
and more responses than I would have guessed.  And I learned a few \
new things to boot; not the least of which is - "You gotta get up prit-tee\
early (Universal Time) to stump the list."  Thanks for all the great\
responses.\
\
There have been eggs-actly 50 responses up to this moment.  Many\
clever, many witty and all correct; not a BOMB in the batch.  Some\
thought it was too easy.  Hey gang, I'm sure I'm not the only one that\
can think up a puzzle to go with an icon posting.\
\
All right, so cut the gab and get to it.  Everyone is just BURSTING with\
anticipation, right?  \
\
I know there was some inequity in this deal.  I wouldn't have had a\
chance.  The posting dropped into my own mailbox long after the first\
responses.  I was probably asleep when it did.  So what to do?\
 \
Ok, how's this for this time around?  - Everybody wins !  We'll do\
Gold Egg, Silver Egg and Bronze Egg based on the "postmark's"\
Universal Time with all runners up (those with a postmark prior to this\
posting) getting something too (such at deal).  I'm not quite sure what\
that' will be yet, but give me a couple of days. \
\
First, Second and Third Place winners have been notified and are\
announced with permission.\
\

\b GOLD  		goes to Gideon King    		Tues 20:37:01 UT\
SILVER 		goes to Andrew Bernstein  	Tues 20:57:16 UT\
BRONZE 	goes to Raymond N. Zych, Jr.  	Tues 20:57:25 UT \
										
\b0 ( Whoa ... close! )\
\
Let's do it again sometime.  "Give it a go mate" - as they say in\
New Zealand; right Gideon ?\
\
Phew, gotta go,  I'm not on overtime.\
\

\i " This is crazy stuff "   \
                              - Ren\

}
