{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Courier;\f3\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 From:
\f1\b0  tswan@jpmorgan.com (Todd M. Swan)\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 13 Jan 93 12:10:17 -0500\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@nobugs.bmt.gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Various useful icons\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 Enjoy!\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \
Worf:\
\

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 13 Jul 93 3:26:15 CDT\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Eric's NeXT Fortune <fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  NeXT-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  FFITs of ...\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\b\fs32\fc0\cf0 Here are Some tiffs.
\b0\fs24   
\fs18 And why Not?\
\

\fs24 Warf may be in color.  I don't know (and really don't care to know) 'cause\
I have a monochrome 'station.  \
\
The first four were made with IconBuilder.  Warf was downloaded from\
wuarchive, shrunken with ImageViewer, and then Grab.app'ed. (
\i Does anyone
\ul  really
\ulnone  care?
\i0 )\
\
- eric fortune\
fo6r@midway.uchicago.edu\
NeXTMail OK\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\b\fc1\cf1 From:
\f1\b0  drew@jupiter.fnbc.com (Drew Davidson)\

\f0\b Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 2 Nov 93 15:53:48 -0600\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Kirk\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 I see your Spock and raise a Kirk.  Do I hear a McCoy, Sulu or Uhura?  Scotty would be nice, also.\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <<kirkIcon2>>\
\

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Tue, 2 Nov 93 20:44:47 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Joe Reiss <joe@opus.ohio-state.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Star Trek ships\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  jreiss@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\f3\fs20\fc0\cf0 A friend sent these to me.  Guess they came from some other mailing list (next-med maybe?).  Anyway, I thought people on this list would get a kick out of them.  Besides, these belong in the archive...\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\fs24\fc0\cf0 \
<<Enterprise*>>\
<<Klingon*>>\
<<NCC1701_D*>>\
\

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Thu, 28 Oct 93 18:35:23 -0400\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Joe Reiss <joe@opus.ohio-state.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Re: Spock icon and Star Trek Arrowhead Icon\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  jreiss@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu\
\

\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\f3\fs20\fc0\cf0 Here are a couple of arrowhead icons I've worked up, colored, and shaded a little bit.  Hope you like em!\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f0\fs24\fc0\cf0 \
<<Trek.dir.tiff>>\
<<Trek.opendir.tiff>>\
\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Mon, 25 Jan 93 14:42:10 PST\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  bryan@tds.com\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  This one for fun!\

\pard\tx520\tx1060\tx1600\tx2120\tx2660\tx3200\tx3720\tx4260\tx4800\tx5320\f0\fc0\cf0 This one won't be in ICONgallery for obvious reasons\
All disclaimers apply......Kinda like seeing Elvis\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\fc0\cf0 <<spock.tiff>>\
\

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Thu, 18 Nov 93 01:54:34 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Timothy Reed <treed@friday.bmt.gun.com>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  Mr. Sulu\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  treed@gun.com\
\

\fc0\cf0 This looks good at it's present 64x64, but looks horrible when shrunk by the workspace to 48x48.  I haven't been successful at getting better results from scaling in third-party apps, but I just got a cool unreleased app that may do the trick.  I'll show the result when I get a chance to try it out.\
\
Mr. Sulu from Star Trek:\

\f0 <<Sulu.tiff>>\
\

\b\fc1\cf1 Date:
\f1\b0  Wed, 22 Dec 93 01:21:46 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Garret Linn <nobugs!artlogic!garret>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  treed@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  AGAIN: Delete this message if you are sick of Star Trek icons!!\

\f0\b Reply-To:
\f1\b0  garret@gun.com\
\

\pard\tx620\tx1240\tx1860\tx2480\tx3100\tx3720\tx4340\tx4980\tx5600\tx6220\f0\fs28\fc0\cf0 I was wasting time instead of working (right TIM?)\
and srunk and cleaned up one of the GEEK attack squad\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\fc0\cf0 \

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\b\fs24\fc0\cf0 Date:
\f1\b0\fc1\cf1  Fri, 15 Apr 94 10:12:03 -0500\

\f0\b From:
\f1\b0  Jeff Fields <bud@slip4.weeg.uiowa.edu>\

\f0\b To:
\f1\b0  next-icon@gun.com\

\f0\b Subject:
\f1\b0  A nice Klingon icon\
\

\b\fc0\cf0 Here's a little image that I 'Grab'bed out of a large Star Trek gif that I found \
on the net. It makes a nice .dir.tiff for my 'gifs' directory:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\f0\b0\fs28\fc0\cf0 <Klingon1.dir.tiff>\
\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\fs24\fc0\cf0 Hmm..now that I look at it, I notice that it's rather larger than icon-sized. However, it works great as a .dir.tiff. Now, here's an edited version:\

\pard\tx1152\tx2304\tx3456\tx4608\tx5760\tx6912\tx8064\tx9216\tx10368\tx11520\f0\b0\fs28\fc0\cf0 <Klingon1.opendir.tiff>\

\pard\tx1140\tx2300\tx3440\tx4600\tx5760\tx6900\tx8060\tx9200\tx10360\tx11520\f1\b\fs24\fc0\cf0 Enjoy. \
 \
Jeff Fields\
University of Iowa
}
